[v9.3.x] docs: Update "Create reports" doc to clarify custom time ranges and add information about drafts (#69089)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/create-reports/index.md

Only organization administrators can create reports by default. You can customize who can create reports with [Role-based access control]({{< relref "../../administration/roles-and-permissions/access-control/" >}}).

> 1. Click **Dashboards > Reports** in the side navigation menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the Reports icon in the side navigation menu.
```

>    The Reports page allows you to view, create, and update your reports. The report form has a multi-step layout. The steps do not need to be completed in succession and can be skipped over by clicking a step name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Reports tab allows you to view, create, and update your reports. The report form has a multi-step layout. The steps do not need to be completed in succession and can be skipped over by clicking a step name.
```

> 1. Click **+ Create a new report**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   - **Send test email:** To verify that the configuration works as expected. You can choose to send this email to the recipients configured for the report, or to a different set of email addresses only used for testing.
1. Preview and save the report.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/enterprise/reports/select-dashboard.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}
{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/enterprise/reports/format-report.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}
{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/enterprise/reports/schedule.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}
{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/enterprise/reports/share.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}
{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/enterprise/reports/confirm.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

```

### Scheduling

{{% admonition type="note" %}}
Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) version 8.0 and later, and [Grafana Cloud Pro and Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud/).
The scheduler was significantly changed in Grafana Enterprise version 8.1.
{{% /admonition %}}

Scheduled reports can be sent once, or repeated on an hourly, daily, weekly, or monthly basis, or sent at custom intervals. You can also disable scheduling by selecting **Never**, for example to send the report via the API.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/enterprise/reports_scheduler_8.1.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

```

The last saved version of the report will be sent to selected emails. You can use this to verify emails are working and to make sure the report is generated and displayed as you expect.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/enterprise/reports_send_test_mail.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

```

> **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) version 7.2 and later, and [Grafana Cloud Pro and Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud/).

> You can configure organization-wide report settings in the **Settings** under **Dashboards > Reporting**. Settings are applied to all the reports for current organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure organization-wide report settings in the **Settings** tab on the **Reporting** page. Settings are applied to all the reports for current organization.
```

Report branding:

- **Company logo:** Company logo displayed in the report PDF. It can be configured by specifying a URL, or by uploading a file. Defaults to the Grafana logo.

Email branding:

- **Company logo:** Company logo displayed in the report email. It can be configured by specifying a URL, or by uploading a file. Defaults to the Grafana logo.
- **Email footer:** Toggle to enable the report email footer. Select **Sent by** or **None**.
- **Footer link text:** Text of the link in the report email footer. Defaults to `Grafana`.
- **Footer link URL:** Link of the report email footer.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/enterprise/reports_settings.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

```

Report branding:

> - **Company logo:** Company logo displayed in the report PDF. It can be configured by specifying a URL, or by uploading a file. Defaults to the Grafana logo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Company logo URL:** Company logo displayed in the report PDF. Defaults to the Grafana logo.
```

Email branding:

> - **Company logo:** Company logo displayed in the report email. It can be configured by specifying a URL, or by uploading a file. Defaults to the Grafana logo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Company logo URL:** Company logo displayed in the report PDF. Defaults to the Grafana logo.
```
